aspnetapp/README.md, before:

# aspnetapp Sample

The aspnetapp sample demonstrates how to Dockerize an ASP.NET Core app. If you'd like to see how to Dockerize a .NET Framework app check out the [.NET Framework Docker samples](https://github.com/Microsoft/dotnet-framework-docker-samples).

The instructions assume that you already have [.NET Core 1.1](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/core#/sdk), [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads), and [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker) clients installed. They also assume you already know how to target Linux or Windows containers. Do try both image types. You need the latest Windows 10 or Windows Server 2016 to use [Windows containers](http://aka.ms/windowscontainers). For additional tutorials on ASP.NET Core see [ASP.NET Core Getting Started](https://www.asp.net/get-started).

Instructions
------------

First, prepare your environment by cloning the repository and navigating to the sample:

```console
git clone https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker-samples/
cd dotnet-docker-samples/aspnetapp
```

Follow these steps to run the sample locally:

```console
dotnet restore
dotnet run
```

Follow these steps to run this sample in a Linux container:

```console
dotnet publish -o published
docker build -t aspnetapp .
docker run -d -p 80:80 aspnetapp
```

Follow these steps to run this sample in a  Windows container:

```console
dotnet publish -o published
docker build -t aspnetapp -f Dockerfile.nano .
docker run -d -p 80:80 aspnetapp
```

## View your web page running from your container
* If you are using a linux container you can simply browse to http://localhost:80 to access your app in a web browser.
* If you are using the Nano [Windows Container](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/) there is currently a bug that affects how [Windows 10 talks to Containers via "NAT"](https://github.com/Microsoft/Virtualization-Documentation/issues/181#issuecomment-252671828) (Network Address Translation). Today you must hit the IP of the container directly. You can get the IP address of your container with the following steps:
  1. Run `docker ps` and copy the hash of your container ID
  3. Run `docker inspect -f "{{ .NetworkSettings.Networks.nat.IPAddress }}" HASH` where `HASH` is replaced with your container ID.
  4. Copy the container ip address and paste into your browser with port 80. (Ex: 172.16.240.197:80)

Commit message:

Directions to build code inside a container

aspnetapp/README.md, after:

# aspnetapp Sample

The aspnetapp sample demonstrates how to Dockerize an ASP.NET Core app. If you'd like to see how to Dockerize a .NET Framework app check out the [.NET Framework Docker samples](https://github.com/Microsoft/dotnet-framework-docker-samples).

The instructions assume that you already have [.NET Core 1.1](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/core#/sdk), [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads), and [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker) clients installed. They also assume you already know how to target Linux or Windows containers. Do try both image types. You need the latest Windows 10 or Windows Server 2016 to use [Windows containers](http://aka.ms/windowscontainers). For additional tutorials on ASP.NET Core see [ASP.NET Core Getting Started](https://www.asp.net/get-started).

Instructions
------------

First, prepare your environment by cloning the repository and navigating to the sample:

```console
git clone https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker-samples/
cd dotnet-docker-samples/aspnetapp
```

Follow these steps to run the sample locally:

```console
dotnet restore
dotnet run
```

Follow these steps to run this sample in a Linux container:

```console
dotnet publish -o published
docker build -t aspnetapp .
docker run -d -p 80:80 aspnetapp
```

Follow these steps to run this sample in a Windows container:

```console
dotnet publish -o published
docker build -t aspnetapp -f Dockerfile.nano .
docker run -d -p 80:80 aspnetapp
```

Alternate: If you don't have the .Net Core SDK installed, you can also build the sample project using the tools in a container without installing them on your host. Here's an example on Windows:

```powershell
docker run -i -v "$($pwd.Path):c:\src" microsoft/aspnetcore-build powershell.exe "cd \src ; dotnet restore ; dotnet publish -o published"
```

Then build and run the container as before:

```powershell
docker build -t aspnetapp -f Dockerfile.nano .
docker run -d -p 80:80 aspnetapp
```

## View your web page running from your container
* If you are using a linux container you can simply browse to http://localhost:80 to access your app in a web browser.
* If you are using the Nano [Windows Container](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/) there is currently a bug that affects how [Windows 10 talks to Containers via "NAT"](https://github.com/Microsoft/Virtualization-Documentation/issues/181#issuecomment-252671828) (Network Address Translation). Today you must hit the IP of the container directly. You can get the IP address of your container with the following steps:
  1. Run `docker ps` and copy the hash of your container ID
  3. Run `docker inspect -f "{{ .NetworkSettings.Networks.nat.IPAddress }}" HASH` where `HASH` is replaced with your container ID.
  4. Copy the container ip address and paste into your browser with port 80. (Ex: 172.16.240.197:80)
